---
title: 2024 Year 1 Registration
permalink: /admissions/2024y1/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<h2><strong>RGS 2024 Year 1 Registration</strong></h2><ol><li><p>To all students posted to RGS Year 1 in 2024, congratulations and welcome! <em>(In RGS, we refer to Secondary 1 students as ‘Year 1s’ as they are in ‘Year 1’ of the 6-year Raffles Programme)</em>.</p><p></p></li><li><p>There will not be a need for you to report to RGS in person prior to 2 Jan 2024. Instead, you are <strong>required to</strong> <strong>complete the Year 1 Registration online</strong>.</p><p></p></li><li><p>Parents of all 2024 Year 1s are to submit contact details by completing this form at this link <a href="https://go.gov.sg/rgs-2024y1-registration" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://go.gov.sg/rgs-2024y1-registration</a> as soon as they receive notification that their daughters have been posted to RGS on S1 Posting Results day.</p><p></p></li><li><p>Parents will then receive an SMS from RGS which will include a <strong>unique login ID and password</strong> to access the <strong>RGS Year 1 Registration site</strong> within 2 working days.</p><p></p></li><li><p>Parents and Year 1 students will access the Year 1 Registration site to:</p></li></ol><ul><li><p>find all the information needed to help students prepare for Year 1 in 2024.<br></p></li><li><p>complete <strong>compulsory administrative matters</strong> that would need your attention and necessary action before the <strong>deadline of 1700 hours on Saturday, 23 December 2023</strong>.<br></p></li><li><p>look up information on the purchase of books and uniforms. Sale of school books and uniforms will be available online and parents are encouraged to make online purchases, and arrange for home delivery or to collect their purchases at the respective stores.<br></p></li><li><p>The purchase of RGS School uniforms can be bought through the Bibi &amp; Baba online store at this URL <a href="https://www.schooluniforms.sg/raffles-girls-school" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://www.schooluniforms.sg/raffles-girls-school</a> or at Bibi &amp; Baba shops.<br></p></li><li><p>Textbooks and stationery can be bought via the link <a href="https://cascoedusupply.com.sg/?schoolid=105" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">rgs.cascoedusupply.com.sg</a><br></p></li><li><p>arrange school bus transport to RGS, if needed.</p><p></p></li></ul><ol start="6"><li><p>In RGS, all Year 1 students are required to use an <strong>iPad</strong> for learning. Specifications for the iPad are provided at the same site, along with information on how to purchase a new iPad if the Year 1 student does not have such a device or has one which does not meet the school’s specifications.<br></p></li><li><p>On the first day of school, i.e. Tuesday, 2 January 2024, Year 1 students are to report to RGS by 7.25am, in their RGS PE polo shirts, culottes and school shoes.<br></p></li><li><p>For clarification and assistance, please contact 67371845.</p></li></ol><h2><strong>Frequently Asked Questions Y1 Posting &amp; Results</strong></h2><p><strong>1) What do I do after receiving the Y1 Posting results?</strong> <br><br>Posting results will be released on Wednesday 20 Dec 2023 via online, SMS and your daughter’s primary school.</p><p>Students are to complete Y1 Registration via RGS Y1 Registration online site. The link to RGS Y1 Registration site will to be sent to parents within 2 working days once RGS receives the contact details of parents. Parents are to submit contact details via this online form at this link <a href="https://go.gov.sg/rgs-2024y1-registration" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://go.gov.sg/rgs-2024y1-registration</a> once they receive notification that their daughters have been posted to RGS.</p><p><strong>2) Is there an information package or any forms that I need to complete? Would I be able to collect the forms and the information kit before the release of the posting results?</strong></p><p>The information package and forms are available at the RGS Y1 Registration site. Access to the RGS Y1 Registration site is via a unique ID and password. Please see Q1 for details. No hard copy information package or forms will be issued.</p><p><strong>3) Can I buy uniforms and books at RGS?</strong></p><p>Students and parents are encouraged to buy uniforms and books online and arrange for home delivery or collect their purchases from the respective stores. The purchase of RGS School uniforms can be bought through the Bibi &amp; Baba online store at this URL <a href="https://www.schooluniforms.sg/raffles-girls-school" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://www.schooluniforms.sg/raffles-girls-school</a> or at Bibi &amp; Baba shops. Textbook and stationery can be bought via the link <a href="https://cascoedusupply.com.sg/?schoolid=105" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">rgs.cascoedusupply.com.sg</a>. More details can be found in the RGS Y1 Registration site.</p><p><strong>4) Is there an orientation programme for Secondary 1s? If so, when will it be and what will happen then?</strong></p><p>There is an orientation programme for all Secondary 1 students. (In RGS, we refer to these students as ‘Year 1s’ as they are in ‘Year 1’ of the 6-year Raffles Programme). The 4-day Orientation Week in RGS begins on Tue 2 Jan 2024 and will end on Fri 5 Jan 2024. More details will be provided on the RGS Y1 Registration site.</p><p><strong>5) I cannot decide whether to take up a Third Language or an Elective Programme. Is it possible for me to register for a Third Language and also interview for an Elective Programme to keep my options open?</strong></p><p>It is strongly recommended that students consider their options carefully and adhere to the deadlines to submit their choices. In RGS, it is not possible to take both a Third Language and an Elective Programme as our timetable is planned in such a way that lessons for these programmes are scheduled on the same day; i.e. on Friday afternoons. Thus, your daughter cannot be in two programmes at the same time.</p><p><strong>6) What are the Elective Programmes offered in RGS and what are the pre-requisites for application?</strong></p><p>Information on these Elective Programmes can be found on our school’s website and more details are also shared on RGS Y1 Registration site. You are strongly encouraged to go through the detailed information on the website and not to miss the application deadlines.</p><p><strong>7) How many CCAs can a student take up?</strong></p><p>In RGS, all students take up <strong>only one CCA</strong>. This is to ensure that all students have a well-balanced RGS experience where they can also make time for other learning opportunities.</p><p>On average, every CCA has activities on at least two days of the week and the designated CCA days are Mondays, Tuesdays and Thursdays. Therefore, students are unable to take up more than one CCA as the CCAs occur at the same time.</p>